# Assignment Specification.

## Overview.

__Objective:__ Demonstrate your knowledge of the React framework and ecosystem by designing and developing a SPA. The app may extend the Movies app developed in the labs (preferred option) or be bespoke (subject to approval).

__Completion__: 18/08/2024.

__CA Mark__: 60%.

__Deliverables__:
A text file (assignment2.txt) containing:

+ The URL of your source code GitHub repo.
+ The URL of your YouTube video demonstrating your app.

1. The README is the documentation of the work you have carried out and must be complete and accurate.
1. You must maintain a detailed Git commit history throughout the assignment period. I would advise that you commit at least once for every development session. Commit messages must always state the purpose of each session, whether completed or not - **the 'only commit working code' principle need not always apply.**

## Grading spectrum.

### Good (40-50%).
__Theme__: Foundation skill set.

__Characteristics:__ The new features developed are similar to those that originated in the labs regarding component structure, UI style and behaviour.

__Features__:

+ UI - New views/pages (3+).
     + List view (e.g. Most popular movies, Actors, Similar movies, TV Series).
     + Detail view (e.g. Actor Bio, TV Series).
+ Routing - New routes.
     + At least one additional parameterised URL.
     + Data hyperlinking.
+ Data Model.
     + An additional data entity type, e.g. Actor, TV series.
     + Server state Caching.
+ Functionality.
     + Additional filtering and/or sorting criteria.
     + My fantasy movie. (Basic) (*1)
     + Other.

1. The user can create their fantasy movie record. Limit the details to Title, Overview, Genres, Release Date, Runtime, and Production Company(s). 

### Very Good (50-70%).
__Theme:__ Adapt and experiment.

__Characteristics:__ Some of the new app features have unique characteristics in terms of component structure, UI style and behaviour.

__Features:__

+ UI.
     + Extensive data hyperlinking.
     + Pagination - for data-listing pages. (*1)   
+ Routing - Basic authenticationI.
     + Private and Public routes (e.g. Movie Details).
     + Premium functionality (e.g. Filtering).
+ Functionality. 
     + Favourite Actors/TV series.
     + Multi-criteria Search. (*2)
     + Translation functionality
     + Other.
+ Storybook support.

1. See [react-query pagination][pagination] support.
1. Search for movies based on criteria submitted on a web form. The form should use appropriate controls - menus, checkboxes, etc.

### Excellent (70-90%)
__Theme__: Independent learner.

__Characteristics__: Can research and use techniques and technologies not covered in the labs/lectures.

__Features__:

+ Functionality.
     + Ordered Favourites.
     + Create themed movie playlists (Title, Theme, Movies). 
     + My fantasy movie (Advanced) (*1)
+ Routing.
     + 3rd Party/custom Authentication - [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)/Custom API.  
+ Deployment (e.g. [Vercel][vercel] )

1. Allow the addition of a cast, where each member has a role name and description. Adding/Uploading a movie poster.

### Outstanding (90+)
__Theme__: Exceptional ability.

__Features__:

+ Backend persistence using new API endpoints/Supabse - e.g. Favourites, Fantasy movie.
+ Rich feature set.


[pagination]: https://react-query.tanstack.com/guides/paginated-queries
[supabase]: https://supabase.com/
[vercel]: https://vercel.com/