## Exercise 2 (Embedded variables).

In exercise 1 the course data was hard-coded in the TSX - course name, module details. A slight improvement would be to place the data in local variables and reference them from the JSX code. __You are required__ to implement this improvement.

For convenience, we will implement the component in a separate file - `src/components/exercises/02_embeddedVars.tsx`. The story for this exercise is already provided - see `src/stories/exercises/02-component.stories.ts`.

The steps to complete this exercise are as follows:

+ __Step 1__: In the Storybook UI in the browser, click the link: 'Samples -> 02 - JSX embedded variables'. Examine the related component code in `components/samples/02_embeddedVariables.tsx`.
+ **Step 2:** Open ``src/types/interfaces.ts`` and add the following interface to the existing code: 

  ```tsx
  ... existing code 
  export interface Module {
    name: string;
    noLectures: number;
    noPracticals: number;
  };
  ```

  
+ __Step 3__: Copy the code from `components/exercises/01_staticComponent.tsx` to  `components/exercises/02_embeddedVars.tsx`.
+ __Step 4__: Modify the copied code to use embedded variables for its data, e.g. a two-element array for the modules. See the hint below.
+ __Step 5__: In the browser, click the link: 'Exercises -> 02 - JSX embedded variables' to see the result of your implementation. 

**Hint:** You will need to import the ``Module`` interface and use it to define an array of Modules. The TSX excerpt below is a guide to the solution required:

~~~ tsx
  . . . . . . 
 {modules.map((module, index) => (
            <tr key={index}>
              <td>{module.name}</td>
              <td>{module.noLectures}</td>
              <td>{module.noPracticals}</td>
            </tr>
  ))}
  . . . . . . . 
~~~

[If necessary, see 'Exercise 2 solution' in the last section of the lab and use as a guide.]

