## Update Storybook.

The storybook stories we wrote in part 1 of this series no longer work due to refactoring and enhancements made to the components in subsequent labs. Delete the `src/stories` folder, download [this archive][stories], unzip it and copy the new `stories` folder into the `src folder. The critical differences in the updated story implementations are as follows:

1. Sometimes, a component expects/requires a particular component type to be above it in the component hierarchy. In Storybook, we need to *add a Decorator* to the story to satisfy this requirement. Decorators wrap a story's component inside another component. The most common wrappers are Contexts and Routers.  
1. Any component that uses the Link component needs to be wrapped inside a Router component. The BrowserRouter component serves this purpose in the app. In Storybook, we can use MemoryRouter, which is more lightweight.
1. We also use the decorator for components that require the MoviesContext provider to be in the component hierarchy. Ditto for components that use the QueryClient provider.

For example, the stories for the MovieDetails component need the MemoryRouter and MoviesContextProvider as decorators:

~~~tsx
const meta = {
    title: "Movie Details Page/MovieDetails",
    component: MovieDetails,
    decorators: [
        (Story) => <MemoryRouter initialEntries={["/"]}>{Story()}</MemoryRouter>,
        (Story) => <MoviesContextProvider>{Story()}</MoviesContextProvider>,
      ],
} satisfies Meta<typeof MovieDetails>;
export default meta;

type Story = StoryObj<typeof meta>;
export const Basic: Story = {
    args: SampleMovie
};
Basic.storyName = "Default";
~~~

Start the Storybook server:
~~~
$ npm run storybook
~~~
In the storybook UI test all the stories. Examine the story implementations to confirm your understanding of the changes made.

Commit this work:
~~~
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "Fix broken stories in Storybook."
$ git push origin main
~~~

[stories]: ./archive/stories.zip
